Add additional documentation for handling collections. Fix behavior of `waitForCollectionCallback`. (#171)
Expensify/react-native-onyx: README.md

It is preferable to use the HOC over `Onyx.connect()` in React code as `withOnyx()` will delay the rendering of the wrapped component until all keys have been accessed and made available.

## Collections

> Collections allow keys with similar value types to be subscribed together by subscribing to the collection key. To define one, it must be included in the `ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION` object and it must be suffixed with an underscore. Member keys should use a unique identifier or index after the collection key prefix (e.g. `chat_42`).

Reviewer: NAB but should we use an existing key as an example? That would make it easier for a contributor to search for examples in the code base and see how collections are used.

```suggestion
Collections allow keys with similar value types to be subscribed together by subscribing to the collection key. To define one, it must be included in the `ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION` object and it must be suffixed with an underscore. Member keys should use a unique identifier or index after the collection key prefix (e.g. `report_42`).
```

Author: Ah so, my intention here was to try to keep this generic so that people could imagine using it for whatever their use case and not get thrown off by "expensify" language. But I think the point gets across well enough here either way though so I'll update it.

Reviewer: Makes sense! Thanks for the changes

```javascript
const ONYXKEYS = {
    COLLECTION: {
        CHAT: 'chat_',
    },
};
```

### Setting Collection Values

To save a new collection key we can either do:

```js
Onyx.merge(`${ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.CHAT}${chat1.id}`, chat1);
```

or we can set many at once with `mergeCollection()`:

```js
Onyx.mergeCollection(ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.CHAT, {
    [`${ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.CHAT}${chat1.id}`]: chat1,
    [`${ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.CHAT}${chat2.id}`]: chat2,
    [`${ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.CHAT}${chat3.id}`]: chat3,
});
```

### Subscribing to Collections

There are several ways to subscribe to these keys:

```javascript
withOnyx({
    allChats: {key: ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.CHAT},
})(MyComponent);
```

This will return the initial collection as an object of collection member key/values. Changes to the individual member keys will modify the entire object and new props will be passed with each individual key update.

```js
Onyx.connect({key: ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.CHAT}, callback: (memberValue, memberKey) => {...}});
```

> This will fire the callback `n` times depending on how many collection member keys have been stored. Changes to those keys after the initial callbacks fire will occur when each individual key is updated.

Reviewer 2: Where is `n` defined? I don't see it in the code above. Is it once per member key? Either way, might be good to clarify here. (Coming as someone with no context on this whatsoever.)

```js
Onyx.connect({
    key: ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.CHAT,
    waitForCollectionCallback: true,
    callback: (allChats) => {...}},
});
```

This final option forces `Onyx.connect()` to behave more like `withOnyx()` and only update the callback once with the entire collection initially and later with an updated version of the collection when individual keys update.

### Performance Considerations When Using Collections

Be cautious when using collections as things can get out of hand if you have a subscriber hooked up to a collection key that has large numbers of individual keys. If this is the case, it is critical to use `mergeCollection()` over `merge()`.

> Remember, `mergeCollection()` will notify a subscriber only *once* with the total collected values whereas each call to `Onyx.merge()` would re-render a connected component `n` times per key that you call it on.

Reviewer 2: Same thought as above - where is `n` coming from? If this is a silly comment, feel free to ignore me.

Author: Hey, if you didn't get it the first time then the docs could be better! So, not silly at all 😄

Author: Added an example to help clarify.

It is preferable to use the HOC over `Onyx.connect()` in React code as `withOnyx()` will delay the rendering of the wrapped component until all keys have been accessed and made available.

## Collections

Collections allow keys with similar value types to be subscribed together by subscribing to the collection key. To define one, it must be included in the `ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION` object and it must be suffixed with an underscore. Member keys should use a unique identifier or index after the collection key prefix (e.g. `report_42`).

```javascript
const ONYXKEYS = {
    COLLECTION: {
        REPORT: 'report_',
    },
};
```

### Setting Collection Values

To save a new collection key we can either do:

```js
Onyx.merge(`${ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.REPORT}${report1.reportID}`, report1);
```

> or we can set many at once with `mergeCollection()`:

Reviewer 3: Can you please add a little more guidance here so people know which one to choose? I think adding information to say that when there are multiple keys, you should always use mergeCollect() because it optimizes all the UI updates. If it's a single key, it's fine to use either.

Reviewer 3: Ah, I see you added all that information below. Maybe just add something here that says "See below for guidance on best practices"

```js
Onyx.mergeCollection(ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.REPORT, {
    [`${ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.REPORT}${report1.reportID}`]: report1,
    [`${ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.REPORT}${report2.reportID}`]: report2,
    [`${ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.REPORT}${report3.reportID}`]: report3,
});
```

### Subscribing to Collections

There are several ways to subscribe to these keys:

```javascript
withOnyx({
    allReports: {key: ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.REPORT},
})(MyComponent);
```

> This will return the initial collection as an object of collection member key/values. Changes to the individual member keys will modify the entire object and new props will be passed with each individual key update.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This will add a prop to the component called `allReports` which is an object of collection member key/values. Changes to the individual member keys will modify the entire object and new props will be passed with each individual key update. The prop doesn't update on the initial rendering of the component until the entire collection has been read out of Onyx.
```

Author: Nice!

```

This will fire the callback once per member key depending on how many collection member keys are currently stored. Changes to those keys after the initial callbacks fire will occur when each individual key is updated.

```js
Onyx.connect({
    key: ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.REPORT,
    waitForCollectionCallback: true,
    callback: (allReports) => {...}},
});
```

This final option forces `Onyx.connect()` to behave more like `withOnyx()` and only update the callback once with the entire collection initially and later with an updated version of the collection when individual keys update.

### Performance Considerations When Using Collections

Be cautious when using collections as things can get out of hand if you have a subscriber hooked up to a collection key that has large numbers of individual keys. If this is the case, it is critical to use `mergeCollection()` over `merge()`.

Remember, `mergeCollection()` will notify a subscriber only *once* with the total collected values whereas each call to `merge()` would re-render a connected component *each time it is called*. Consider this example where `reports` is an array of reports that we want to index and save.

```js
// Bad

> _.each(reports, report => Onyx.merge(`${ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.REPORT}${report.reportID}`, report)); // -> Connected component will update on each iteration

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
_.each(reports, report => Onyx.merge(`${ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.REPORT}${report.reportID}`, report)); // -> A component using withOnyx() will have it's state updated with each iteration
```

// Good
const values = {};
_.each(reports, report => values[`${ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.REPORT}${report.reportID}`] = report);

> Onyx.mergeCollection(ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.REPORT, values); // -> Connected component will update just once

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Onyx.mergeCollection(ONYXKEYS.COLLECTION.REPORT, values); // -> A component using withOnyx() will only have it's state updated once
```
